today we will do for the quota in a
This is a very traditional dessert.
very easy to do and I think
Until I make no promises.
know how to make this dessert put a
Fresh cream pan has to be
the fresh and a little sugar and the people
It's going to heat up here but we do not
it will boil as it gives a mixture
And we're going to leave this mix
very hot when you start to form the
balls around it is because it is
There you can explain it.
Meanwhile while heating up
here I have a package here gelatin
unflavored gelatin
I 'll put it over mine
milk here to give a moisturizing
leave it here quietly for some
to treat this gelatin I
I'm going to use a vanilla bean for this
recipe or put additional on my
Shoulder on my cream with knife tip
had the shot the seedlings that goes
put everything in the truth but the seed
that will give more flavor
if you do not have a vanilla only
put a little bit of essence
Vanilla in the end, let's put it
always in the end by essence not to
cry
I'm going to take off my tummy.
our pm you have already created a
balls then it 's great
now the gelatin I left treating
I'll mix this hot cream I
I have is that these individual solutions and
so I'll put my for
cup as we do but you can do
a large one also knows if this is not
was large and can double the revenue for
be able to make a way to escape by
example but I will make these portions
individual pacheco a cutie
while when you wake up is debuting in
We're going to make a syrup of
strawberry to put to accompany
I've got strawberry here that I've washed
I'll put it in the same pot as
I did not even wash the guild
Vanilla flavored pot here
it's great it's full of flavor put the
sugar bread and we will form a type
a jelly more or less here does not
There's no need to put water, just wait for
year will start to cook drop the
and then we'll sue
all this now that my house has already
Cooked for at least 15 minutes
I'll use twitter to process
this here but you can do politics
douro in a processor as you prefer
We'll leave it here, neighbor.
cream well as well
ready now that there is a cream
hubby
We'll let the cooking for another one.
time until this cause stays a bit longer
more daughter I think I should boil
15 more minutes and the tail is smelling
very tasty our ready and is now
just pour in the pot we'll give
for time to be made
if you take this recipe send it to me
on facebook page pontocom barbosa
What are you going to eat? Send your picture to you.
I hope that if you
Do you want to love this recipe?
very good and very easy
Thank you for being with me, I see you.
in the next Czech video